# Installation helpers for Sitecore Experience Platform (XP)

## Prerequisites

These steps assume you have all of the prerequisites installed as detailed in the [instructions](../prerequisites/readme.md)

### Solr

If you haven't already done so, you need to ensure you have the correct (supported) version of Solr installed.

See [solr instructions](solr.md) for details.

## A bit about the process

The `install-singledeveloper.ps1` script takes in a JSON configuration file (defaults to `.\configuration-xp0.json`) and runs through the entire platform installation.

The `install-modules.ps1` script uses the same JSON configuration file as the `install-singledeveloper.ps1` script and installs optional modules.

The `assets.json` file is used to manage which modules you would like to install. Make sure this file is configured correctly before you run the `set-installation-*.ps1` scripts.

The `configuration-xp0.json` is generated by running two powershell scripts, `set-installation-defaults.ps1` and `set-installation-overrides.ps1`.

The `set-installation-defaults.ps1` does what it sounds like - it creates the `configuration-xp0.json` file and populates it with the default values based on the version of the platform it was meant to support.

The `set-installation-overrides.ps1.example` script needs to be copied and renamed to `set-installation-overrides.ps1` then modified to suit your needs. Executing it once it has been renamed will fill in the rest of the information in the `configuration-xp0.json` file as well as override some of the default values. This script should only be executed once after first running `set-installation-defaults.ps1`.

----------

## Installation

### 1. Preparing for Installation

Just a couple of steps before we get started. Take a look at [preparing for installation](preparing-installation.md) before going any further.

### 2. Installing Sitecore XP

Now that your configuration is set, [let's install!](installing-sitecore-xp.md)

### 3. Installing Modules

If all went well, you have a successful installation of Sitecore XP. In order to support HabitatHome.Platform (SXA Demo) you need to install additional modules.

Let's move onto the final step: [Installing Modules](installing-modules.md)

> **KNOWN ISSUE:** Downloading large files take time and can sometimes encounter  connection issues.
> If this issue has occured you may get `Unable to read data from the transport connection: An existing connection was forcibly closed by the remote host.` error. In this case the download was **NOT** completed successfully.
>
> You should delete the partially downloaded file and try again or:
>
> **WORKAROUND:** Manually download the larger Sitecore WDP Package required and place it into the repository specified in `set-installation-defaults.ps1`.

## Next Steps

[Warming up an Instance](../warmup/warmup.md)

[Installing Experience Commerce (XC)](../xc/readme.md)

[Return to main docs index](../readme.md)
